feat: Add theme prop (#3228)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - Support `libraryReturnUrl` prop to indicate what URL to install libraries to [#3227](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3227).
> - Support a `theme` prop to incidicate the Excalidraw component's theme. [#3228](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3228).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `theme` prop to indicate Excalidraw's theme. [#3228](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3228). When this prop is passed, the theme is fully controlled by host app.
- Support `libraryReturnUrl` prop to indicate what URL to install libraries to [#3227](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3227).
```

Latest changes always go on top :)
